Docs update platform operator (#712)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.logging.md

| Password changes - Authorization via meshIdB                          | Keycloak Events, events.log, mesh.log           |
| Password changes - Authorization via federated IdP                    | Federated IdP                                   |
| Access Right changes (i.e. user rights)                               | Customer/Project Event table, mesh.log          |

> | Changes to logging configuration (especially deactivation of logging) | Can only be done by an Platform Operator, no logging atm |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Changes to logging configuration (especially deactivation of logging) | Can only be done by meshcloud, no logging atm |
```
